# A-Hybrid-Multilayer-Approach-for-Detection-and-Correction-of-Transient-Faults-in-NoC-s-Router-for-Di
This is a research article, i have published my MSc thesis. This is actually related to fault tolerance in Network-on-Chip Router.
The Network on chip (NoCs) archetype tries to find a scalable solution to the tough integration challenge of modern digital communications and network devices, by applying at the silicon chip level well established networking principles, after handy adapting them to the silicon chip characteristics and to application demands. As aggressive scaling continuous push multiprocessor system on chip (MPSoCs) to new limits, complex hardware design combined with rigorous area and power constraints will continue to diminish reliability. The shrinking of transistor size is making NoC susceptible to both hard faults and transient errors. In this work we are focusing on soft errors in NoCs. Fault occurrence such as crosstalk, single event upsets (SEU), single event transient (SET) are caused by Electro migration (EM), Electromagnetic interference (EMI), Alpha particles and cosmic radiations might influence the functionality of NoCs router and eventually lead to failure such as data corruption, packet retransmission, packet loss, packet duplication and deadlock among others. To this end, we propose Soft Error Detection and Correction NoC Router (SDCNR) architecture capable of detecting and recovering from soft errors occurring in different pipeline stages and Networks links.
